Rewrote pipelines, caching and remote caching docs (#1758)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching.mdx

# Remote Caching

Turborepo's [task cache](/docs/core-concepts/caching) can save a lot of time by never doing the same work twice.

> But there's an issue - the **cache is local to your machine**. When you're working with a CI, this can result in a lot of duplicated work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But there's an issue - the **cache is local to your machine**. This means that builds on your CI system can't use it.
```

Author: I prefer my own version, because it sets up the next image.

![](../../../public/images/docs/local-caching.png)

> Each environment - your machine, your colleague's machine, your CI - is having to **run `build` on the same source files**. That's because each environment has _its own local cache_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each environment - your machine, your colleague's machine, your CI - has to **run `build` on the same source files**. That's because each environment has _its own local cache_.
```

## A single, shared cache

> What if you could share a single cache across your entire org?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What if you could share a single Turborepo cache across your entire team (and even your CI)?
```

![](../../../public/images/docs/remote-caching.png)

> By working with providers like [Vercel](#vercel), Turborepo can communicate with a remote cache - a server that stores the results of your tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By working with providers like [Vercel](#vercel), Turborepo can communicate with a *remote* cache; i.e. a cloud server that caches the results of your tasks.
```

Author: ```suggestion
By working with providers like [Vercel](#vercel), Turborepo can communicate with a remote cache - a cloud server that stores the results of your tasks.
```
